DOCS-2845: update afterpay, e-invoicing, in3, klarna, pay after delivery testing details (#1826)
MultiSafepay/docs: content/payments/methods/pay-later/in3/integration-and-testing.md

{{< details title="View credentials and testing process" >}}

Test credentials: [API key](/account/site-id-api-key-secure-code/)

**Test an in3 order**

> 1. To test an in3 order, send a [direct](/api/#in3---direct) or [redirect](/api/#in3---redirect) API request with the following customer details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. To test an in3 order, make a [direct](/api/#in3---direct) or [redirect](/api/#in3---redirect) API request with the following customer details.

```

| Date of birth    | Postal code | House number |
| ------------------- | ------------------- | ----------------- |
| 01-01-1999 | 1234AB | 1 |

>     If you send a redirect API request:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If you make a redirect API request:

```

> - If you send a redirect API request, enter in the:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you send a redirect API request:  
- Enter in the:  

```

    - **Birthdate** field `01-01-1999`.
    - **Phone number** field any phone number.  

>   Select your title, and then click **Confirm**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Select your title, and then click **Confirm**.

```

> 2. Select the checkbox confirming that you accept in3's payment terms and privacy statement, and then click **Afronden**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Select the checkbox to accept in3's payment terms and privacy statement, and then click **Afronden**.

```

2. Select the checkbox to accept in3's payment terms and privacy statement, and then click **Afronden**.
3. On the Test platform page, from the **Test scenario** list, select **Completed**.
4. Click **Test**. 
5. On the in3 page, click **Terug naar webshop**.  
  The payment is processed in the test environment as **Successful**, with order status **Completed**, and transaction status **Uncleared**.

**Test in3 declining an order**  

> To test in3 declining an order, send a [direct](/api/#in3---direct) or [redirect](/api/#in3---redirect) API request with the following customer details:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To test in3 declining an order, make a [direct](/api/#in3---direct) or [redirect](/api/#in3---redirect) API request with the following customer details:

```

| Date of birth    | Postal code | House number |
| ------------------- | ------------------- | ----------------- |
| 01-01-2000 | 1111AB | 1 |

The order and transaction statuses change to **Declined**.

**Test shipping an order**  
To test shipping an order, either:

> - Send an [update an order](/api/#update-an-order) API request with status `shipped`, or 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Make an [update an order](/api/#update-an-order) API request with status `shipped`, or 

```

**Receive an invoice**  

> You can only test the invoice process in your MultiSafepay live account. To do this, change the order status to **Shipped**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can only test invoicing in your MultiSafepay live account. To do this, change the order status to **Shipped**.

```

You can only test invoicing in your MultiSafepay live account. To do this, change the order status to **Shipped**.

**Test refunding an order**

To test refunding an order:

1. Create an order. 
2. Change the order status to `shipped`.
3. Click **Refund complete order**, and then click **Save item changes**.
  {{< br >}} A new order is created for the refund. The order status for the refund changes to **Completed**.

**Test an API refund**

To test refunding an order via the API:

1. Create an order. 
2. Change the order status to `shipped`.

> 3. Send a [refund with shopping cart](/api/#refund-with-shopping-cart) API request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Make a [refund with shopping cart](/api/#refund-with-shopping-cart) API request.

```

---

> **Note:** 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Note:** You can't test cancelling orders. 

```

> You can't test cancelling orders.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
